We need to update the Canvas keyword library to support a new CSV import format and add three new columns to the database and UI. This builds on the previous keyword schema work (Priority column + Content Target fix). Here's what's needed:
1. Add three new columns to the keywords table:
sqlALTER TABLE keywords ADD COLUMN volume INTEGER DEFAULT NULL;
ALTER TABLE keywords ADD COLUMN kd INTEGER DEFAULT NULL;
ALTER TABLE keywords ADD COLUMN article_angle VARCHAR(100) DEFAULT NULL;
2. Update the Keywords Library UI to display all columns in this order:
Keyword | Type | Volume | KD | Cluster | Article Angle | Priority | Content Target | Status | Actions

Volume — display as a plain number, right-aligned, sortable. Label "Vol". No badge.
KD — display as a plain number 0–100, right-aligned, sortable. Label "KD". Optionally color-code: green ≤25, amber 26–35, red 36+.
Article Angle — display as a muted text badge, editable inline via dropdown. Allowed values: Gift Guide — Standard | Gift Guide — Passion-Led | Story-Led — Mark the Moment | Personal — The Gift That Actually Means Something | Contrarian — Why These Gifts Are Always Boring | Reframe — Gifts for the Parents, Not the Baby | Informational — Build Authority

3. Update the CSV bulk import to accept and map these columns:
The import CSV will have these exact headers in this order:
Keyword, Type, Volume, KD, Cluster, Article Angle, Priority, Content Target, Status
Map each header to its database column. Status should default to Unassigned if blank. Volume and KD should accept blank/null without erroring.
4. Update the AI prompt assembly to pass Article Angle as tone direction:
When generating content for a page, include the assigned keyword's article_angle in the prompt context:
Content angle / tone direction: [article_angle value]

Angle definitions:
- Gift Guide — Standard: Curated roundup, warm but straightforward
- Gift Guide — Passion-Led: Enthusiast tone, respect the interest, gifts that honor the lifestyle
- Story-Led — Mark the Moment: Intimate, quiet, product as vessel for a memory or place
- Personal — The Gift That Actually Means Something: Emotional, for someone hard to buy for
- Contrarian — Why These Gifts Are Always Boring: Call out the tired category, then solve it
- Reframe — Gifts for the Parents, Not the Baby: Shift the recipient framing entirely
- Informational — Build Authority: Answer the question fully, bridge naturally to product
5. No breaking changes — all existing keyword rows without these new columns should display gracefully with empty/null values. The existing Type, Cluster, Priority, and Content Target columns and their existing behavior are unchanged.